I'm Cameron.
I'm a member of Guerrilla Fitness
I've been a member since I think the summer of 2016.
I think the thing that impressed me,
surprised me the most about it was just the sense of community that Joe and Greg and everybody here
helped bring together.
You have people from all different walks of life,
people from all different
levels of fitness,
all working together,
all putting in the same level of effort,
all supporting one another and motivating each other and it's a real community.
You make friends here,
they have a wonderful kind of community building experiences and i could see myself staying here for a long
time.